Description of Class:
    The class name is called 'Jabber' which is a fictionalized name for what real-world object my program is modeling, a money-sharing app(kinda like Venmo or CashApp). The class contains various class and data variables as well as multiple methods that process different functionalities of the app. Some of the features of the app are the ability for the user to look at their profile based on the input given when calling the class, see their balance, make deposits and withdraws, send money to a specific person, and the ability to accept or deny receiving money from other friends. Overall, this class will implement and model similar features seen on other money-sharing applications in the real world.

Description of Each Class and Data Variables:
    All data variables in the Jabber class are private and encapsulated so therefore cannot be called outside of the class. The only class variable labeled 'start-message', prints a short greeting message for the user to see. All of the rest of the private data variables follow the 'self.__' format. The first data variable stores the name of the user as a string. The second stores the birthday of the user as a string with the format 'MM-DD-YYYY'. The third stores the address of the user as a string. The fourth stores the phone number of the user with the format 'XXX-XXX-XXXX'. The fifth stores a list of friends separated by commas as one single string. The first five data variables are all based on input, however the next five are automatically made available once the class is called and has the correct input. The sixth and seventh data variables both use the random module(already imported at the top of the program) and the choice method to select and store a random friend's name from the list of friends or 'self.__friends'. The eighth stores a random number between 100,000 and 999,999 using the random.randint() method. The ninth initializes the balance amount in dollar format, starting at $0.00. Finally, the tenth initializes the number zero to change the balance amount later in certain methods. There is also four more data variables created in other methods which are self.__other_account_num(v2) and self.__amount_sent(v2) with the first(two technically) data variable acting the same as self.__account_num and self.__amount_sent(v2)(the other two) storing a random number acting as the amount of money being sent by someone else other than the user.

Description of Each Method:
    1. set_funds(self, deposit):
        The main purpose is to 'set' a certain amount of funds or money(deposit) into the user's empty balance. The method will take any number greater than zero as a input argument of 'deposit' and store that number into the data variable, 'self.__initial_deposit' and 'self.__intial_depositv2'. Any number less than zero will result in a error message.

    2. set_friend_funds(self, amount, friend, message):
        The main purpose is to 'set' an amount of money in a friend's balance by sending that money to them. The method takes the input arguments of amount(amount of money), friend(friend's name), and message. Both friend and message can be any strings while amount must be less than the user's balance for the transaction message to prompt with the friend's name and input message, otherwise an error message will pop up.
    
    3. withdraw_funds(funds, withdraw):
        The main purpose is to withdraw a certain amount from the user's balance. The input argument 'withdraw' takes any number, float or integer and will successfully withdraw that amount of money from the user's balance as long as the withdraw amount is less than or equal to the amount of the user's balance. Otherwise if the withdraw amount is greater than the user's balance, an error message will pop up.

    4. get_balance(self):
        The main purpose is to 'get' the user's balance or the amount of money in their account. This method does not take any input arguments but instead returns a formatted string stating what the user's balance is currently at.
    
    5. receive_friend_funds(self, response) / receive_friend_fundsv2(self, response):
        The main purpose is to have the user respond with a 'yes' or a 'no' as an input argument about whether they want to receive money from another friend(with the amount being prompted when the method is called). The method takes one input argument 'response' that takes any 'no' or 'yes' string, with no sending the money back shown as a printed message while a yes updates the user's balance. If any other string in entered, an error message will appear. The amount of money being received, the friend sending the money, and their account number is random every time the program is run using newly created data variables, self.__other_account_num(v2) and self.__amount_sent(v2).
    
    6. get_profile(self):
        The main purpose is to 'get' the whole profile of the user conatining the info based on what they entered for the data variables as well as displaying their account number and balance. The method takes no input arguments and returns a printed message displaying their app info.
    
Description of Demo Program:
    The first line of my demo program within my main function is calling and storing the Jabber class with the input arguments with my name, birthday, address, phone number, and a list of three of my friends. The second line calls the class variable 'start_message' that prompts a welcome message. The third line calls the method 'get_profile()' which displays my profile displaying my info that I entered as well as my empty balance :). The fourth line calls the method 'set_fund(300)' which sets or deposits $300 into my balance. The fifth line 'gets' my balance by displaying a message showing my balance of $300. The sixth line I call the method 'set_friend_funds()' where I send $100 to my friend, Devesh and add a message of 'Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!'. I once again call get_balance() and find that my balance is now $200. The eighth line I call the method 'withdraw_funds' and attempt to withdraw $267 but I'm denied and prompted with an error message explaing that I have 'insufficient funds'. I check my balance again and on the tenth line I call the withdraw_funds() method again to instead withdraw $167 which is successful. I check my balance using the get_balance() method and see my balance is $33. One of my friends in my friends list wants to send me money which I agree to since I'm kinda low in my bank account :)(all of this is a made-up story; just fits the situation the method is creating). I call the 'receive_friend_fundsv2()'(both receive_friend_funds() and receive_friend_fundsv2() are the same; see descriptions above) with the input argument of 'yes' on the twelfth line. I check my balance once again and see my balance has updated to $234(this amount will be different every time the program is run; see the receive_friend_funds() and receive_friend_fundsv2() method description above). Another friend of mine or the same friend also or again wants to send money again but refuse by calling the method 'receive_friend_funds()' with an input argument of 'no' on the fourteenth line which prompts a message explaining the money is being sent back. I call get_balance again to see my balance as the same as before with no change. Finally, I call the get_profile() method again to see my info and official account number and balance on the sixteenth line.

Demo Program Instructions:
    The instructions to run my demo program are pretty simple and easy. As long as the arguments are the correct types and satisfy the requirements, the program will run correctly. You can run the demo program in a similar format as mine or you can run it in your own format as well. Just make sure to use common sense and enter the required input arguments correctly :).